Ikigai

Iki means ' life ' gai means " result , effect and benefit " 
A JAPANESE CONCEPT MEANING 'A REASON FPR BEING '

EXPLANATION

A Japanese concept meaning “A Reason of Being”. The things that you live for, the reason of your life, the reason why you get up everyday in the morning. We can also say what is the purpose of outlives and what you desire most.

In easy words you can say that finding ourselves. When you find your Ikigai, it’s what you put your heart and soul into, it’s what you devote your life to.

Ikigai also inspires me to thinking about how I can spend my time.

I must say Ikigai is for those who feels they have a unique destiny.

What am I good at? Put your skills, experience, gifts. Put the stuff you know how to do, what you master and very good at.

What you love? Activities that make your eye shine, bright and sparkle. When you talk about them. Your inspirations everything you are passionate about. Like if you love having kids you can also include here.

What the world needs? How you want to transform, can bring, or improve world to get in a good way. Put here your advice and opinion to the world

What you can be paid for? See the professional skills and experiences you can ask someone to pay in return.

After filing up the whole first circles you will see 4 intersection passion, mission, vocation & profession. These can be same if you get similarities in each intersection its mean you get your Ikigai.
Passion:

Passion is an uncontrollable excitement you feel, the things that we are passionate about are things we do when nobody is watching and when we have “me time”. You can say passion is a combination of What you love and what you are good at.

Mission:

Your mission in life is that change you wish to see in the world. It is the tangible service attitude. It’s a dream that is selflessly motivated. You can say It is a combination of what you love and what the world needs.

vacation:

vacation comes from the latin words 'vocare' (vo 'ka.are) which means "to vall" .in a broad sense this is how the world calls upon for your skills . it is a combination of what the world\market need and what you can be paid for .

profesion :

this is what you do better than everyone else . its a combination of what you are good at and what you can be paid .
