STAR LAB 

So we're going to have four different areas overall that all intersect with each other.
In Store lab is the first piece of everything and Star Lab is a Research Institute.
Where our scientists have designed the Orbital Mission Control.
Orbital Mission Control we have.
A few different pieces of it. The first piece is called the startup sequence or Startup Initiative. I'm gonna have to look to see exactly what it's called. The second part of that is the droids framework.
The third part is the.
Grant accelerator.
And the last part is Mission Control, Orbital Mission Control.
So we want to teach people how to be capable of that.
And even these really big companies, you'll see them make very bad mistakes. They don't have very good steering committees. The Star Mission Control is our steering committee is where you sit there in day after day. You analyze the space that you're in, you analyze the track, the trajectory, and you analyze how you're going to assist it and then what kind of reach that's going to have.
What kind of range that storm might have, so if you see a company like meta.
Even Facebook changing their name from Facebook to Meta, that was a huge a huge psychological shift for their client.
And then trying to push all of their stars and force everybody to go to this virtual reality land where you're all wearing a headset with each other. It just didn't work and they lost tons of money because whoever was sitting at their star Mission Control didn't comprehend how to properly steer those stars.
That makes sense.
And and we are, we are masters of that. We have been at that to our Mission Control for decades and we have helped the top companies in the world steer and guide their stars in an appropriate manner. And we've helped launch brand new droids that go out there and grow and become great stars.
So we have a whole ecosystem for that. We train new entrepreneurs how to grow and world enterprise is just constantly launching new stuff, training new entrepreneurs, how to pile it and steer their stars that they're interested in.
And then we are even in expanding into that timmsi land where people can even go and play around and mess up in it to figure out how to do this, even with our company money.
So that when they go to bed companies that might have the problems, like what Facebook had, they can sit on the steering committee at those companies and they can teach those companies about this orbital system.
Because Facebook definitely does not have the orbital system and that's why they're messing up. They don't have the right analysis.
Umm, they need to take their CEO and the Board of Directors and needs to push into the side so that they can properly steer that company.
And if he is excited about a new Droid he wants to launch, then he just needs one small Droid to launch instead of steering his whole huge company. His whole Galaxy already has over in one new direction.
He needs to think about that new meta thing he's talking about, as it just one Droid that he's building, not not a whole shift of his whole Galaxy. It's very hard, takes a ton of energy to shift a whole Galaxy.
So we want people to think about this from a physics perspective, and we want to attract people that it, it excites them to think about energy in this way and they will be energetic consultants with US building worlds, consulting worlds, consulting, how Android can launch and what the projectile path of that's going to look like. So it doesn't collide anywhere how to be on this steering committee of places and then how that Droid can be sustainable.
Can grow and build and live within whatever Galaxy it was launched in.
And be a part of the sustainable ecosystem.
Alright, so I'm going to stop the recording, but uh, let's give this to everybody that comes in and let's give everybody a literacy in this and we will slowly be creating paperwork around this as well. So it makes more sense.
